feat: remove GUNZIP_*BINS (#1065)
nf-core/mag: CHANGELOG.md

- [#1060](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/1060) - Updated module tags to make them more specific (by @dialvarezs)
- [#1061](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/1061) - Speed up binning by not waiting for all mapping jobs to finish before starting (by @dialvarezs)
- [#1063](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/1063) - Run ALE with `--metagenome` and disable its per-base output by default (by @dialvarezs)

> - [#1065](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/1065) - Remove usage of GUNZIP module for bins and unbinned contigs, feeding downstream processes with uncompressed files (by @dialvarezs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1065](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/1065) - Improved efficiency by removing usage of per-bin GUNZIP module for bins and unbinned contigs and allowing gzip support for all modules (by @dialvarezs)
```
